[26.02] Docs: FlashInfer release (#174)
ROCm/flashinfer: amd-docs/what-is-flashinfer.rst

.. meta::
  :description: What is FlashInfer?
  :keywords: FlashInfer, documentation, deep learning, framework, GPU, AMD, ROCm, overview, introduction

.. _what-is-flashinfer:

********************************************************************
What is FlashInfer?
********************************************************************

`FlashInfer <https://docs.flashinfer.ai/index.html>`__ is a library and kernel generator 
for Large Language Models (LLMs) that provides a high-performance implementation of graphics 

> processing units (GPUs) kernels. FlashInfer focuses on LLM serving and inference, as well 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processing unit (GPU) kernels. FlashInfer focuses on LLM serving and inference, as well 
```

Reviewer: Could alternatively use something like "kernels for graphic processing units (GPUs)"

as advanced performance across diverse scenarios.

FlashInfer features highly efficient attention kernels, load-balanced scheduling, and memory-optimized 
techniques, while supporting customized attention variants. It’s compatible with ``torch.compile``, and 
offers high-performance LLM-specific operators, with easy integration through PyTorch, and C++ APIs.

.. note::

  The ROCm port of FlashInfer is under active development, and some features are not yet available. 
  For the latest feature compatibility matrix, refer to the ``README`` of the 
  `https://github.com/ROCm/flashinfer <https://github.com/ROCm/flashinfer>`__ repository.

> 

Reviewer 2: Couple of comments. 
1. It's called the Feature Support Matrix (not compat).
2. Why don't we include this info in here? If you do a search in the docs for the terms in here, you won't find them. 

<img width="1299" height="909" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e63e531f-5961-4baf-a400-828d909ae8f2" />

Features and use cases
====================================================================

> FlashInfer on ROCm enables you to perform LLM inference for both prefill and decode:

Reviewer: Consider breaking this into two sentences.

during prefill, your model efficiently processes input prompts to build KV caches
and internal activations; during decode, it generates tokens sequentially based on
prior outputs and context. Use the attention mode supported upstream (Multi-Head
Attention, Grouped-Query Attention, or Multi-Query Attention) that matches your
model configuration.

FlashInfer on ROCm also includes capabilities such as load balancing, 
sparse and dense attention optimizations, and single and batch decode, alongside

> prefill for high‑performance execution on MI300X GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prefill for high‑performance execution on AMD Instinct™ MI300X GPUs.
```

Reviewer 2: The system requirements indicate 325 also supported:

<img width="865" height="485" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dfb86c26-53b3-4b2f-b805-afce535d15b9" />

> For currently supported use cases and recommendations, refer to the `AMD ROCm blog <https://rocm.blogs.amd.com/search.html?q=flashinfer>`__, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For currently supported use cases and recommendations, see the `AMD ROCm blogs <https://rocm.blogs.amd.com/search.html?q=flashinfer>`__, 
```
